Your timing was perfect.
[AMERI]
I'll be counting on you.
[BOTH gasp]
You see that?
It's not fair.
This situation is most grave.
You get that, right?
No fair.
She's being so selfish.
I wanna play, too!
[growls]
I'll ask you again, Iruma.
And tell me the truth.
What is your dream?
A dream?
For me?
♪
[NARRATOR]
Iruma Suzuki, age 14.
One day, he found himself
the grandson
of a demon named Sullivan.
Sullivan loves and spoils Iruma
and is even sending him
to the most
prestigious school in the land.
But there is just one problem.
The school Iruma is attending,
just so happens to be
the demon school
known as Babyls.
[IRUMA] I can't ever let them
find out I'm human
or I'm gonna get eaten
for sure.
[IRUMA, ASMODEUS AND CLARA]
"Head Over Heels for Clara."
[IRUMA gasps]
[BOTH grunt]
[CLARA] How come only
Lady Redhair gets to play?
I wanna play, too.
[ASMODEUS]
What are you thinking?
We mustn't make a single move
before we know
what Master Iruma's planning.
[gasps sharply, groans]
I wanna hear what he and
the student council president
are talking about.
[grunts]
I have to know!
But still,
on the honor of my name,
I will never stoop to something
as low as eavesdropping.
Well, Iruma? Speak up.
-[gasps]
-What is your ultimate dream?
My dream?
I guess I...
Well, it's... Maybe...
[groans]
[AMERI gasps]
Are you alright?
[CLARA]
No fair, Lady Redhair!
[ASMODEUS]
Hold it, Valac!
-Come back!
-I wanna play, too!
You will not ruin this for him.
Connor, Murf, help me out!
-[gasps]
-Take this. Slipper Kick.
Hold it!
Get away from that door!
[groans]
[shoes screech]
My dream?
If I hazard a guess...
No, I'm sure.
Master Iruma's doing something
so important at this moment
that it's beyond
our comprehension.
I won't allow you to interfere.
[CLARA]
Move it.
Iruma-kins is going
to play with me.
You have completely
lost your mind,
are you aware of that?
Feeling better?
Yeah, it's just...
My entire life, all I've allowed
myself to think about
was what everyone else
was asking me to do for them.
I'd never once considered
what I want for me.
-[AMERI] Do it now.
-[gasps]
If you don't have one, think.
[gasps]
Clara... rolling!
-[groans, grunts]
-[CLARA mumbling]
-[yells]
-[mumbling continues]
[CLARA]
Whee!
[CLARA grunts]
-[ASMODEUS groans]
-[CLARA grunts]
The door is in the way.
But not for long!
[grunts]
[grunting]
Out of my way, Azz-Azz,
or you're gonna get it.
Don't even try it.
I'm goin' in. Charge!
[screams]
That's quite enough from you.
[grunts angrily]
To fly, you must
first open your wings.
Yeah, but...
Hmm...
[grunts in annoyance]
[groans]
I got nothing.
Well, you must
climb the ranks, then.
That is a student's
primary duty here, after all.
For now, why not make it
your objective to become a Bet?
That could work.
[BOTH gasp]
[IRUMA]
Huh?!
Who... who's there?
I'm terribly sorry,
Master Iruma.
I was trying not to disturb you,
but at the very same moment
I happened to blink.
Hmm! Give me back Iruma-kins!
[AMERI gasps]
-Give him back. He's mine!
-Ow, ow, ow.
Clara could you
just let me go, please?
-What are you doing?
-Valac!
[AMERI] Luckily,
I don't think they heard us...
[CLARA grunts]
I have failed.
I cannot believe I blinked.
[gasps] And I never got to hear
what they were talking about.
-Failure.
-It's fine.
Iruma-kins, let's go!
You may take your leave
for today.
[hisses]
-Iruma.
-Yes?
If you're at all serious
about climbing up the ranks...
I shall wait
for you to stand by me.
Sound good?
-[gasps]
-[CLARA] Iruma-kins.
Come on, let's hurry up and go.
Let's go, let's go!
♪
Ugh.
Lady Redhair is gonna
steal Iruma-kins away.
What do I do?
[NARRATOR] Since Clara spends
her days in constant motion,
she falls asleep instantly.
Oh, boy. Move up the ranks?
But if I do that,
I'll stand out.
Wait a second.
it doesn't even matter,
I'm human.
There's no point in trying
to climb the ranks anyway.
[NARRATOR] Since Iruma's days
are focused on survival,
he also falls asleep instantly.
What is the force
driving Master Iruma right now?
I'm sure it's so grand
that my inferior mind
could never fathom it.
What could it possibly be?
[groans] I wanna know so badly!
The suspense
is killing me so much it hurts!
[NARRATOR] And Asmodeus
hardly sleeps at all.
[CLARA]
Ugh.
All Iruma-kins does lately
is spend his playtime
with Lady Redhair. No fair.
But how am I ever gonna
get him back from her?
How? Connor? Murf?
Come on, Sabro. Tell me how.
Thou must charm him
with thy feminine wiles.
Huh?
[SABNOCK] From chapter three
of "How to Become a Demon King."
"If something is taken from you,
take it back.
"If not, take it back anyway.
"If something's about
to be taken from you,
"then you are a demon.
"Use your charms,
make them yours
and get them hooked on you."
[thunder cracks]
[CLARA] Make them yours
and get them hooked on you!
[IRUMA chuckling]
[chuckles menacingly]
Just you wait, Iruma-kins.
Pre-recs, interacting with
your familiar, astrology.
And for electives,
torture, training,
pharmacology, et cetera.
Well, I could probably handle
some of these.
I'd stand out the least in...
Ah. Classroom lectures.
You just listen
while the teacher talks, right?
All you do is sit there
and you blend in.
Indeed. Then I shall
choose that as well.
[CLARA grunts]
What did you choose
for your electives, Clara?
-[CLARA gasps]
-Hmm?
[NARRATOR] The Succubus-Expert's
Essential Course in Seduction.
[ALL gasp]
[NARRATOR] Miz Raim is,
in fact, a succubus.
A breathtakingly sexy teacher,
whose classes cannot be
described in mere words
because they're so...
Well, you know.
She will gladly instruct you
in the ways of becoming so sexy
it'll make
people's knees buckle.
Mwah.
Poor thing.
You really can't read.
That's too bad.
[grunts] I can read just fine.
Is that so?
Then you must be insane.
-What are you plotting?
-I am not--
[whistling]
Hey, knock it off!
[CLARA]
I'll seduce him, make him mine,
and get him hooked on me.
Hmph! You'd better
get ready, Iruma-kins.
[IRUMA]
Uh...
You're gonna fall
head over heels.
[BOTH]
Huh?
[NARRATOR]
The first day of class.
A-mwah. I'm Raim the succubus.
Let the seduction course begin.
Mwah, mwah.
Today, we'll have
a private lesson
without the boys, just us girls,
so I can teach you
about the art of...
Well, I think you know.
First rule is,
sexiness is something
you nourish and cultivate.
Succubi change their form
to fit their prey's preferences,
but the most crucial thing is...
to make your prey
fall for you...
[ALL gulp]
...like this.
[ALL yell, chuckle]
[gasps]
She brought
the Seduction II book with her.
Yeah? So?
What's wrong with that?
No, no. Let's save that book
for a higher grade.
[CAMUI grunts sharply]
Objection, ma'am!
They're bound to be able
to boost their skills later
by taking more comprehensive
lessons earlier on.
[ALL]
Ew, a boy!
[groans]
[CAMUI] I have a right
to my education, too, you know.
Now, I'll hand out
your textbooks.
Sexy Scope, engage.
[NARRATOR]
The Sexy Scope is an ability
allowing succubi
to measure another's sexiness.
[RAIM]
Elizabetta, you're at 89%.
Amazing. You're an A.
Oh, my.
[chuckling]
[RAIM]
What in the world? Unbelievable!
[giggling]
Work on it, dear.
Aw, but I even studied up a ton.
I always make sure
to freshen up.
[RAIM]
Both of you are Bs.
Fifty one percent.
Could stand to be higher.
You're also a B.
Oh, no. It's really that bad?
[RAIM]
Don't be upset.
The lowest
I've ever seen was 21%.
So there's nothing to...
-[trumpet blows]
-[RAIM gasps]
[giggles]
T-two? Two percent?
Even babies
are at least three percent sexy.
You're telling me she's
more innocent than a baby?
Oh, my devil!
Miz Raim, what percent am I?
Like, a hundred? A thousand?
-[sighs] Huh?
-[RAIM grunts]
Now, little child,
you're going to read
some special textbooks.
Fast. Understand?
Special books?
Indeed. Roger.
Hmm.
"My First Seduction."
Here we go.
♪
Hmm!
"Step one is: How to pose.
"Sexiness is based on posture
and presentation.
"Push out your hips,
keep your hands cute,
and place your legs
at a modest distance apart."
Ah, I see. Okay, right.
[grunts in determination]
Ta-da!
Huh?
Perfect. How you like me now?
My hip's out,
my hands are cute,
and I'm standing boldly.
So, uh, you trying
a new workout?
-Epic fail!
-What do you mean?
Huh?
"Step two is: Touching.
"A nonchalant touch will produce
the maximum desired effect.
"Be sure to get in close.
Beginners should start
with a simple, offhand touch."
♪
Touching.
[IRUMA]
Hmm.
-Piggyback?
-[gasps]
[CLARA]
Touching.
♪ Pat-a-cake, pat-a-cake,
baker's man ♪
[BOTH]
♪ Bake me a cake as... ♪
[gasps] I'll let you
off the hook for today.
[chuckles]
"Step three:
Wear something that shimmies
to gather their attention."
Fluffering-a-ling. Ring-a-ling.
I take my eyes off you
for one second
and you go
completely off the rails.
[CLARA screams]
"Four: Wear an alluring scent."
[grunts]
...so I say to her...
[ALL gasp]
What's that horrible stench?
Not only that,
it's burning my eyes out.
Argh! My entire face is on fire.
Open the window. Air!
Iruma sir,
don't breathe this in!
Protect your lungs!
"Warning: Too much
has the opposite effect,
so be careful."
[groans]
[ALL gasp]
"Step five: Makeup."
[laughs] Hold on.
There's a face that could kill.
[CAMUI] You know,
with the right lighting...
-[GOEMON] What?
-[IRUMA groans uncomfortably]
♪
Seduction's hard.
I'm not cut out for this.
[birds chirping]
Hey, I'm home.
[in unison]
Hey, welcome home, sis!
You're back!
[ALL gasp questioningly]
[GIRLS]
Hmph!
[BOTH]
Hey, hey.
[BOTH grunt in affirmation]
[in unison]
Hey! You're a dummy, sis.
[CLARA]
What did you say?
[BOTH chuckle]
[BOTH]
Huh?
[sighs deeply]
[BOTH]
Hmph!
Hey, hey. Smooch, smooch.
Smooch, smooch.
Smooch, smooch. Smooch, smooch.
Huh?
[gasps softly]
Smooch.
My dear Clara. Welcome home.
[CLARA yells]
Yup, I'm back!
Now, give me some sugar.
Special move: The Return Kiss!
Smoochy smooch,
smoochy, smoochy smooch.
Smooch. smooch, smooch, smooch.
Smoochy smooch.
[in unison] Oh, wow,
that was a really nice feeling.
[chuckling]
♪
♪ Smooch, smooch, smooch,
who's number one ♪
♪ When it comes
to being cutest? ♪
♪ You know that it's Clara ♪
Oh, yeah!
♪ Smooch, smooch, smooch ♪
♪ Who's number one ♪
♪ When it comes
to being handsomest? ♪
♪ That would be Keebow ♪
[in unison]
Konchie, too!
♪ Kiss, kiss, kiss ♪
♪ Roll with me, energy about ♪
♪ Smooch, smooch, smooch,
who's number one ♪
♪ When it comes
to the trouble that they cause?
-Sin Sin.
-Ran Ran.
[BOTH chuckle]
♪ Smooch, smooch, smooch,
who's number one ♪
♪ When it comes to being
most beautiful? ♪
♪ No doubt that it's our mommy ♪
♪ Oh, why, thank you ♪
♪ No matter how far the goal ♪
♪ You've got
an ace in the hole ♪
♪ There's no need to feel sad,
throw your blues away ♪
♪ Now in pink ♪
[laughs]
♪ Number one in all the world ♪
♪ What's the most invincible
most perfect, lovely thing? ♪
♪ Always a smooch,
smooch, smooch ♪
♪ Every time smooch,
♪ It's a big ♪
♪ Kiss for you ♪
Oh, yeah.
Uh... A kiss...
that'll make
a miracle happen.
[chuckles]
Hmm.
[footsteps]
Huh.
[gulps]
Clara, good morning.
[yells]
Pose.
Uh...
[screams]
And touching.
Shimmy, shimmy shake.
Perfume!
Makeup.
Wait, what?!
-[CLARA] Take... thi-i-is!
-[gasps]
[NARRATOR]
But Iruma has his
Overwhelming Crisis
Evasion Capability.
[gasps]
[CLARA]
Ooh...
[KALEGO yells]
[bodies thud]
Oh!
[gasps] Oh, Eggie-teach.
[KALEGO grunts angrily]
[KALEGO]
Silence.
-You know what's next, yes?
-[CLARA] Yup.
Respect your teachers
and look out
for your fellow classmates.
All for demons,
and demons for all.
And most importantly,
respect your teachers,
blah, blah, blah.
[GIRL]
Wow!
It's no use.
[CLARA]
D'oh!
You're new and struggling
so much already.
Oh, oh, my devil.
Although, if you want him
to fall head over heels
for you...
Oh!
...there's a secret weapon.
Yeah? What?
A-mwah.
The Succubus Brand
Pheromone Perfume.
One whiff of this, and any man
will fall at your feet.
You tried hard, so I'll even
give it to you for... Oh?
I don't want it.
[RAIM]
What?
♪
I didn't realize that I wouldn't
have any sexiness at all.
It kinda sucks.
[grunts]
[groans]
Lady Redhair's gonna take
Iruma-kins away from me!
[cries]
[ASMODEUS] You're going
completely off the rails.
[JAZZ]
What's that stench?
[SABNOCK]
There's a face that could kill.
[RAIM]
It's no use.
[BOYS laughing]
[RAIM] One whiff of this
and you can make any man yours.
I don't need that stupid stuff.
-Even I can be...
-[footsteps approaching]
[IRUMA]
There you are.
-Iruma-kins.
-Hi.
Thank goodness I found you.
I was getting worried.
[chuckles]
Every time I look away,
you always run off.
[chuckles]
Uh... Uh, yeah.
You never know
what I'm gonna do.
A girl shouldn't be out here
by herself.
[CLARA gasps softly]
[echoing]
A girl shouldn't be here...
A girl... A girl... A girl...
[gasps]
Not many people come here, so--
-What, a girl?
-Huh?
You called me a girl before.
You think I'm a girl?
Uh, yeah.
[laughing heartily]
-[IRUMA] Huh?
-Oh, yeah.
I see. I see,
I see, I see, I see.
[chuckles]
-[grunts]
-One day...
you'll fall
head over heels for me.
[gasps]
Was that a... badump?
Oh, man. I feel better now.
Let's go,
I bet Azz-Azz is lonely.
Uh, sure.
-[CLARA chuckles]
-Huh?
-Go, go, Iruma-kins!
-Hey, Clara, wait.
-[IRUMA] Clara.
-Go, go, Iruma-kins!
-[IRUMA] Slow down.
-Wait, Clara!
-[CLARA] Go, go, Iruma-kins!
Well, well, I wonder
what happened there.
[chuckling]
♪
[IRUMA] I don't know
what Clara was doing,
but she worked really hard.
Clara, you're amazing.
I shall wait for you
to stand by me.
Sound good?
There are people
who really believe in me,
so if I think
of this as practice
to come up with a goal...
[gasps]
Hmm.
[indistinct conversations]
You want to go up a rank?
Are you certain?
[CLARA snoring]
Yeah.
Su-ki-ma.
A handsome boy is lost
and clearly needs some help.
What do you do?
I would chat him up
while taking him
to his destination,
the whole time getting
gradually closer to him.
[KEROLI]
I couldn't do anything.
I'm way too shy to talk to him.
I'll go kaboom and lead him.
And then, bam,
we'll play at the park.
And last but not least,
we'll squeeze real tight!
Really? Someone pretending
to be lost in front of me?
I know exactly what you're
trying to do, you weirdo.
And I like it.
[CAMUI]
A handsome boy?
I'm gonna walk right by.
[grunts]
Let me learn things!
[ASMODEUS] Master Iruma
wants to go up a rank?
He's definitely a demon's demon.
Ah! Devil is beautiful.
You've slain me again,
Iruma sir.
You are so good at that.
Please rise up
to the highest rank, Yodh,
so you can slay all the demons
in the school.
Next time, "Iruma's Decision
and Hard Work."
Now, Iruma sir,
let us raise your rank
by playing execution
cannonball!
♪